GameState	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^enum class GameState { PAUSE, PLAY };$/;"	cenum	line:28
PAUSE	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^enum class GameState { PAUSE, PLAY };$/;"	enumerator	line:28	cenum:GameState
PLAY	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^enum class GameState { PAUSE, PLAY };$/;"	enumerator	line:28	cenum:GameState
GameplayScreen	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^class GameplayScreen : public BARE2D::Screen$/;"	class	line:33	inherits:BARE2D::Screen
GameplayScreen	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	GameplayScreen(BARE2D::Window* window, WorldIOManager* WorldIOManager, BARE2D::InputManager* input);$/;"	prototype	line:36	class:GameplayScreen	access:public	signature:(BARE2D::Window* window, WorldIOManager* WorldIOManager, BARE2D::InputManager* input)
~GameplayScreen	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	virtual ~GameplayScreen();$/;"	prototype	line:37	class:GameplayScreen	access:public	implementation:virtual	signature:()	returns:virtual 
getNextScreenIndex	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	virtual int	 getNextScreenIndex() const override;$/;"	prototype	line:39	class:GameplayScreen	access:public	implementation:virtual	signature:() const	returns:virtual int 
initScreen	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	virtual void initScreen() override;$/;"	prototype	line:40	class:GameplayScreen	access:public	implementation:virtual	signature:()	returns:virtual void 
destroyScreen	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	virtual void destroyScreen() override;$/;"	prototype	line:41	class:GameplayScreen	access:public	implementation:virtual	signature:()	returns:virtual void 
onEntry	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	virtual void onEntry() override;$/;"	prototype	line:42	class:GameplayScreen	access:public	implementation:virtual	signature:()	returns:virtual void 
onExit	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	virtual void onExit() override;$/;"	prototype	line:43	class:GameplayScreen	access:public	implementation:virtual	signature:()	returns:virtual void 
update	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	virtual void update(double dt) override;$/;"	prototype	line:44	class:GameplayScreen	access:public	implementation:virtual	signature:(double dt)	returns:virtual void 
draw	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	virtual void draw() override;$/;"	prototype	line:45	class:GameplayScreen	access:public	implementation:virtual	signature:()	returns:virtual void 
setCameraLocked	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	void setCameraLocked(bool setting)$/;"	function	line:47	class:GameplayScreen	access:public	signature:(bool setting)	returns:void 
setSmoothMoveTarget	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	void setSmoothMoveTarget(glm::vec2 target)$/;"	function	line:52	class:GameplayScreen	access:public	signature:(glm::vec2 target)	returns:void 
setSmoothMoveSpeed	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	void setSmoothMoveSpeed(float speed)$/;"	function	line:56	class:GameplayScreen	access:public	signature:(float speed)	returns:void 
pauseForCutscene	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	void pauseForCutscene()$/;"	function	line:61	class:GameplayScreen	access:public	signature:()	returns:void 
unpauseCutscene	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	void unpauseCutscene()$/;"	function	line:65	class:GameplayScreen	access:public	signature:()	returns:void 
drawSkyToFBO	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	void drawSkyToFBO(); \/\/\/ These just draw to the FBOs, not to the screen.$/;"	prototype	line:71	class:GameplayScreen	access:private	signature:()	returns:void 
drawWorldToFBO	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	void drawWorldToFBO();$/;"	prototype	line:72	class:GameplayScreen	access:private	signature:()	returns:void 
drawWorldSunlightToFBO	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	void drawWorldSunlightToFBO();$/;"	prototype	line:73	class:GameplayScreen	access:private	signature:()	returns:void 
drawParticlesToFBO	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	void drawParticlesToFBO();$/;"	prototype	line:74	class:GameplayScreen	access:private	signature:()	returns:void 
drawFluidsToFBO	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	void drawFluidsToFBO();$/;"	prototype	line:75	class:GameplayScreen	access:private	signature:()	returns:void 
drawGUIToScreen	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	void drawGUIToScreen(); \/\/ These two actually do draw to the screen.$/;"	prototype	line:76	class:GameplayScreen	access:private	signature:()	returns:void 
drawPostToScreen	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	void drawPostToScreen();$/;"	prototype	line:77	class:GameplayScreen	access:private	signature:()	returns:void 
checkInput	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	void checkInput();$/;"	prototype	line:79	class:GameplayScreen	access:private	signature:()	returns:void 
initUI	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	void initUI();$/;"	prototype	line:80	class:GameplayScreen	access:private	signature:()	returns:void 
tick	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	void tick();$/;"	prototype	line:82	class:GameplayScreen	access:private	signature:()	returns:void 
drawHUD	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	void drawHUD();$/;"	prototype	line:84	class:GameplayScreen	access:private	signature:()	returns:void 
drawWorld	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	void drawWorld();$/;"	prototype	line:85	class:GameplayScreen	access:private	signature:()	returns:void 
drawDebug	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	void drawDebug();$/;"	prototype	line:86	class:GameplayScreen	access:private	signature:()	returns:void 
getScreenBox	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	glm::vec4 getScreenBox();$/;"	prototype	line:88	class:GameplayScreen	access:private	signature:()	returns:glm :: vec4 
pauseGame	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	void pauseGame();	 \/\/ Inits pause UI and sets GameState$/;"	prototype	line:90	class:GameplayScreen	access:private	signature:()	returns:void 
continueGame	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	void continueGame(); \/\/ Hides pause UI and sets GameState$/;"	prototype	line:91	class:GameplayScreen	access:private	signature:()	returns:void 
m_pauseWidgets	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	std::vector<CEGUI::Window*> m_pauseWidgets;$/;"	member	line:93	class:GameplayScreen	access:private
pause_resume_button_clicked	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	bool						pause_resume_button_clicked(const CEGUI::EventArgs& e);$/;"	prototype	line:94	class:GameplayScreen	access:private	signature:(const CEGUI::EventArgs& e)	returns:bool 
pause_save_button_clicked	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	bool						pause_save_button_clicked(const CEGUI::EventArgs& e);$/;"	prototype	line:95	class:GameplayScreen	access:private	signature:(const CEGUI::EventArgs& e)	returns:bool 
pause_quit_button_clicked	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	bool						pause_quit_button_clicked(const CEGUI::EventArgs& e);$/;"	prototype	line:96	class:GameplayScreen	access:private	signature:(const CEGUI::EventArgs& e)	returns:bool 
updateScale	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	void updateScale();$/;"	prototype	line:98	class:GameplayScreen	access:private	signature:()	returns:void 
m_uiCamera	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	BARE2D::Camera2D		 m_uiCamera;$/;"	member	line:100	class:GameplayScreen	access:private
m_window	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	BARE2D::Window*			 m_window	= nullptr;$/;"	member	line:101	class:GameplayScreen	access:private
m_renderer	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	BARE2D::BumpyRenderer*	 m_renderer = nullptr;$/;"	member	line:102	class:GameplayScreen	access:private
m_particle2d	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	BARE2D::ParticleEngine2D m_particle2d;$/;"	member	line:103	class:GameplayScreen	access:private
m_inputManager	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	BARE2D::InputManager* m_inputManager = nullptr;$/;"	member	line:104	class:GameplayScreen	access:private
m_mainFBO	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	BARE2D::FBORenderer* m_mainFBO	   = nullptr; \/\/ Used for pretty post processing.$/;"	member	line:106	class:GameplayScreen	access:private
m_normalFBO	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	BARE2D::FBORenderer* m_normalFBO   = nullptr; \/\/ Used for noob-y normal mapping.$/;"	member	line:107	class:GameplayScreen	access:private
m_skyFBO	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	BARE2D::FBORenderer* m_skyFBO	   = nullptr; \/\/ Used for the spectacular sky!$/;"	member	line:108	class:GameplayScreen	access:private
m_particleFBO	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	BARE2D::FBORenderer* m_particleFBO = nullptr; \/\/ Used for partying particles!$/;"	member	line:109	class:GameplayScreen	access:private
m_sunlightFBO	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	BARE2D::FBORenderer* m_sunlightFBO = nullptr; \/\/ Used for seratonin-inducing sunlight!$/;"	member	line:110	class:GameplayScreen	access:private
m_fluidFBO	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	BARE2D::FBORenderer* m_fluidFBO	   = nullptr; \/\/ Used for fantastic fluids!$/;"	member	line:111	class:GameplayScreen	access:private
m_fontRenderer	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	BARE2D::FontRenderer*  m_fontRenderer = nullptr;$/;"	member	line:113	class:GameplayScreen	access:private
m_dr	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	BARE2D::DebugRenderer* m_dr			  = nullptr;$/;"	member	line:114	class:GameplayScreen	access:private
m_questManager	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	QuestModule::QuestManager*		 m_questManager	   = nullptr;$/;"	member	line:116	class:GameplayScreen	access:private
m_dialogueManager	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	DialogueModule::DialogueManager* m_dialogueManager = nullptr;$/;"	member	line:117	class:GameplayScreen	access:private
m_WorldIOManager	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	WorldIOManager*					 m_WorldIOManager  = nullptr;$/;"	member	line:118	class:GameplayScreen	access:private
m_audio	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	GameAudioManager*				 m_audio		   = nullptr;$/;"	member	line:119	class:GameplayScreen	access:private
m_gameState	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	GameState m_gameState	  = GameState::PLAY;$/;"	member	line:121	class:GameplayScreen	access:private
m_lastGameState	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	GameState m_lastGameState = GameState::PLAY;$/;"	member	line:122	class:GameplayScreen	access:private
m_smoothMoveTarget	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	glm::vec2 m_smoothMoveTarget;		\/\/ Only used by camera, set only by ScripterMain$/;"	member	line:124	class:GameplayScreen	access:private
m_smoothMoveSpeed	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	float	  m_smoothMoveSpeed = 0.0f; \/\/ Only used by camera, set only by ScripterMain$/;"	member	line:125	class:GameplayScreen	access:private
m_time	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	float m_time	  = 0.0f; \/\/ Used for animations, NOT DAYLIGHT$/;"	member	line:127	class:GameplayScreen	access:private
m_frame	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	float m_frame	  = 0.0f;$/;"	member	line:128	class:GameplayScreen	access:private
m_lastSongPlayed	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	int m_lastSongPlayed = 0;$/;"	member	line:130	class:GameplayScreen	access:private
m_scale	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	float m_scale = MIN_ZOOM;$/;"	member	line:132	class:GameplayScreen	access:private
m_cutscenePause	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	bool m_cutscenePause =$/;"	member	line:134	class:GameplayScreen	access:private
m_debuggingInfo	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	bool m_debuggingInfo = false;$/;"	member	line:137	class:GameplayScreen	access:private
m_lastPlayerPos	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	glm::vec2 m_lastPlayerPos = glm::vec2(0.0f);$/;"	member	line:139	class:GameplayScreen	access:private
m_console	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	Console* m_console = nullptr;$/;"	member	line:141	class:GameplayScreen	access:private
m_fpsWidget	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	CEGUI::DefaultWindow* m_fpsWidget = nullptr;$/;"	member	line:144	class:GameplayScreen	access:private
m_debugBool	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	bool m_debugBool = false;$/;"	member	line:146	class:GameplayScreen	access:private
m_activatedChunks	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	std::vector<int> m_activatedChunks; \/\/ Chunks that should still update$/;"	member	line:149	class:GameplayScreen	access:private
m_drawnChunks	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	std::vector<int> m_drawnChunks;		\/\/ Chunks that should still be drawn$/;"	member	line:150	class:GameplayScreen	access:private
m_lastActivated	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	int				 m_lastActivated = -1;$/;"	member	line:151	class:GameplayScreen	access:private
m_cameraLocked	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	bool m_cameraLocked = false; \/\/ Can the camera move with the player, or is it 'locked'?$/;"	member	line:153	class:GameplayScreen	access:private
m_nextScreenIndex	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	unsigned int m_nextScreenIndex = SCREEN_INDEX_GAMEPLAY;$/;"	member	line:155	class:GameplayScreen	access:private
variable	/home/davis-dev/Documents/Programming/C++/CodingGithub/Fear-Of-The-Dark/Code/GameplayScreen.h	/^	float variable = 0.0f;$/;"	member	line:157	class:GameplayScreen	access:private
